1. Create new project on GitHub
2. Clone it onto your folder on your computer
3. Create a docker-file (name: “Dockerfile”)(and 	a .gitignore file, for git pushes)
4. For what goes into the file, you need to check prior documents
	a. Determine ‘From continuumio/miniconda
	b. Openssl-server allows you to install new 		python packages
	c. 
5. Folder ‘app’
	a. Inside, “requirements.yml”, determines all 		the modules needed to install on server
	b. Expose “ports”: Opens ports to the container 		(22 opens to public, 8000 is the local 		server)
6. Once that is done, we build our image: docker build -t [image-project-name] .     <— the dot specifies the folder. ‘.’ specifies the current folder

7. Docker run -ti [image-project-name] bash. Now we we can edit our Docker from this bash

8. Activate environment (from conda) in your container (source activate app (change this in requirements.yml))

DOCKER-COMPOSE.yml

1. Create a docker-compose.yml file. This file 
2. Put this inside the file (among other things):

services:
	app:
		image: docker-test-project:latest
		command:’’
		volumes: 
		


3. docker-compose run -ti app bash
	(o start a new project in the docker)
3.3  Run django-admin startproject project . This creates a new django project tadaaa
3.5 This creates a few files: settings.py, __init__.py, urls.py, wsgi.py
4. Django-admin startproject app .  <— stars a new django project

5. Run command “python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000”, to run the project on the local server

Gitlab runner


FOR FURTHER DOCKER INFORMATION, VISIT THIS SITE: https://docs.docker.com/compose/reference/run/ 

DEPLOYING ONTO A SERVER
1. Copy the  Gitlab.ci from prior documents, and put it into the same repository as the same place in the prior docs
2. Gitlab has a runner ready to connect your server with the repository (and you connect your computer with the repository)


Docker-compose ps: Check all dockers running on your computer


I
I missed the question


Change project name

T'is the shit man. They got weed candy, pizza, chips, even southern hemisphere Vigurian deep sea bass fish. Highest praise ma' man

Changed field in database, do I need chuck out entire database
